[13.0][ADD] account_payment_fee_transfer (#309)
OCA/account-payment: account_payment_fee_transfer/readme/USAGE.rst

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to Invoicing > Customers / Vendors > Payments
#. Create new payment and select payment type = 'transfer'

> #. fill fee in 'fee transfer' field and details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Fill amount for bank fee in 'fee transfer' field and select the bank charge account and bank account the fee incurred.
```
